[THEME MUSIC]
>> SARAH GRACE: I didn't
understand what I was seeing
as a kid.
All I would know is that
my mom would be somewhat OK
and then get triggered.
And in the violent
rage outburst,
the individual that soul
essence that I could sort of
feel as a mother would be gone.
I was having a
day, and I got mad.
So I picked up some rocks,
and I threw it at her.
And I roll over, and I look.
And there's this chief with
a full headdress sitting
on a horse.
And all of a sudden, I
felt really like a schlep.
After my overdose, I went
through the UCLA EMT course.
And I got sent straight down
into South Central Los Angeles.
Yes, he turned all the way
around to where I was sitting.
And he looked me
directly in the eyes
and said, I'm going to
die today, aren't I?
There's as many ways to
die as there are to live.
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Yeah.
>> GRACE: And there's
nothing to fear.
It's like taking
off a heavy coat.
Those of us that are
sensitive, it's our time.
We are being called
online for a purpose.
Like all of this stuff that I've
been through makes sense now.
>> REGINA: Imagine a world
in which you were seeing
a constant show of
lights, moving forms,
and hearing voices from
other dimensions crying out
for your attention.
Demons to angels, the
noise never stopped.
This was the world
of Sarah Grace
as she grew up in the world.
After a very difficult
start, she found her way
to managing and ultimately
using these abilities
to help others heal.
Welcome.
It's good to see you.
>> GRACE: Hi, Regina.
Thank you for having me.
>> REGINA: Found out we're
practically neighbors.
>> GRACE: Practically so.
>> REGINA: We both live
in the Sierra Foothills.
>> GRACE: Yes, beautiful area.
>> REGINA: Yes.
It is a beautiful
area, and you needed
that to find some peace
after the life you had lived.
>> GRACE: Yes, it's
been quite a ride.
>> REGINA: Oh my gosh.
So anyway, first
of all, you were--
I think what was
so intriguing to me
about your book and this
story is that we often
try to imagine what happens
when we're just jettisoned
from our body in something
quick and tragic versus what
happens when someone is
passing away in a hospital
after complications, and
everyone kind of knows what's
going on, and there's
some preparation.
And so these stories of
what you saw as a paramedic
are the ones that are
not told as a rule.
And so before we
go into your life,
let's start where
it started from you.
And in the book, its
seeming randomness of life,
a young woman named
Taylor who was basically
clocked by a Hummer
in her little civic
and where she was on her way
to, what was to have happened,
and what your experience was.
>> GRACE: Oh my gosh.
I remember this
call like yesterday.
So we're talking about
me being a paramedic,
working as a paramedic in
the California 911 system,
and being able to use my psychic
abilities in those emergency
settings.
And so Taylor was just
a young beautiful girl
driving her car one evening.
And she made a
left-hand turn and got
hit by a drunk driver in a
Hum-- it was a big Humvee.
And she was trapped and
pinned in her Honda Civic,
but her head was kind of
shot into the back side.
And we were having
to extricate--
having to navigate--
>> REGINA: Cut her out?
>> GRACE: --or cut
her out of the car.
And there's a lot
that has to happen
when we're dealing with that.
>> REGINA: And was she
still alive at the time--
>> GRACE: She was.
>> REGINA: --when you started.
>> GRACE: I could see
the agonal respirations,
which looks like
guppy breathing,
is kind of the final gasps.
And there was a lot of
blood coming from her head.
So her femurs and legs
were trapped and pinned
under the steering
wheel, and her head
was in the back
seat passenger side.
So her body had
kind of contorted.
And so I knew that I was going
to need to access her airway
and try to help her
breathe as we're
cutting her out of the vehicle.
And as I was doing that,
I began to notice--
so you have to understand, this
is such a high-velocity scene
anyway.
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>> GRACE: Right?
Because any time we
have Jaws of Life,
there's a lot of personnel on
scene, this is a really high--
>> REGINA: Adrenaline?
>> GRACE: Yeah.
High-octane call for sure.
And then it's such
a young female.
And then we're also
dealing with the DUI
hitting the driver
guy over there.
And so there's a lot of
facets to the scene going on.
And from a high-sense
perception,
I'm aware of all of
them simultaneously,
which is a lot to manage.
>> REGINA: It is.
>> GRACE: But in
that, I noticed--
it starts like fireflies,
very, very beautiful to see.
And a celestial
angel came on scene
and just blanketed the
entire scene with this calm,
nurturing, very almost like
silent reverent presence.
And Taylor, so Taylor's
body was in the car,
but her soul had
been hovering above.
And in my clairvoyant
vision, I could see her soul.
And she was confused.
She didn't understand
what was going on
because just a second ago, she
was making a left-hand turn.
And so using my clairvoyance
and telepathic ability,
I started communicating
with her like,
you were just in a car accident.
You're dead.
We're working on your body.
This is what's happening.
And then the angel
came on scene,
and then she started
to look at the angel.
And ever so slowly, her soul
became one with the celestial.
And they disappeared from
my view at which time
we lost pulses completely, and
she departed from her body.
>> REGINA: And she was on
her way to see her boyfriend.
And her boyfriend was
getting ready to propose
to her as I recall.
>> GRACE: I found that out
at the hospital after we
transported because,
you know, wanted to--
I knew that she had crossed.
I knew that she was gone.
But we have protocols
to run as a paramedic,
and we wanted to do
everything possible for her.
And we brought her
into the hospital,
and one of the police
officers on scene had come in
and told us that.
He had just talked
to the boyfriend.
>> REGINA: And it does make it
all seem so random, and yet--
I did an interview with Lee
Harris and the group of Zs
the other day, and you've
mentioned this as well.
You've come to learn that
we have many exit points.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: There are
many opportunities.
>> GRACE: Many.
>> REGINA: But I look
at something like that,
and I think, where was
the sense in that one?
>> GRACE: I think that each
soul's incarnation has so many
layers of karmic and ancestral,
and there's so many different
levels to it that it might
not make sense to our level
of mind.
>> REGINA: It may
not be obvious.
Yeah.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
But there's an organized rhythm
to the chaos of the universe,
I found.
>> REGINA: It might be if she'd
gone on to marry this man,
something entirely different, a
different trajectory would have
happened that maybe her soul
didn't want to experience after
all.
I mean, you're right.
We just don't know.
But watching this whole
scene, because you were fairly
new to the job as I recall--
>> GRACE: I wasn't
new to the job,
but I was not open
to my abilities.
I was still heavily
closeted about my abilities,
so I had a lot of fear.
And it was so much for my mind
to be like, it's one thing just
to do CPR on a person.
Just to watch
somebody die is a lot.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: And then to
watch somebody die,
high-octane and be able to
see their soul and watch
their confusion and
watch their, you know,
whatever their experience
is and then ultimately
their transition, it's
like, where do you put that?
>> REGINA: Well, that's
what I was wondering.
So that's when you began
opening the abilities blended
with your paramedic skills.
How did that shift you?
That first experience,
what did that
do for your understanding
of your place,
really, in the
world in doing this?
>> GRACE: Well, I've
been able to see, hear,
and feel energy outside of
the normal senses since I was
a kid.
Right?
We'll talk about that.
>> REGINA: We're going
to get in just a moment.
>> GRACE: Yeah, no problem.
But I wasn't comfortable.
I wasn't open with
it, and I wasn't
educated on how to navigate it.
And so it was a lot.
It was really, really
hard for the first number
of years as a paramedic.
I mean, it just
happened, the energies
became like a symphony.
And I could watch
what was happening,
and I would know what
was going to happen
two or three paces ahead, which
actually came in handy on a 911
call.
>> REGINA: Oh yeah.
Oh yeah.
>> GRACE: But not
having the footing,
not having the understanding,
it was really hard on me.
It was just a person who
was just trying to live.
It's like, I have kids.
You got to go home make
dinner and put them to bed
after something like that?
You're like, what do I, you
know, how do I deal with this?
>> REGINA: After you've
watched something so profound.
>> GRACE: Mm-hmm.
>> REGINA: So now let's
go back to you as a kid.
>> GRACE: Mm-hmm.
>> REGINA: My heart
hurt reading your book.
You had a very
rough start to life.
>> GRACE: Indeed.
>> REGINA: And your
parenting was not the best.
I think it's fair to say.
So let's talk a little
bit about, first of all,
you were a young girl,
and you were seeing--
not just seeing and
hearing, but you
were feeling everything
and other people's emotions
on top of this circus
of energy and beings
that you were seeing.
So let's talk about how that
move came forward in your life
when you were young and how
did you share that with others
and how they perceived it.
>> GRACE: So my
abilities for me--
well, first of all, I
grew up in South Dakota
in the middle of
nowhere, pre-internet.
So there was no just like
hopping on the computer
and googling, why do
I see dead people?
>> REGINA: And church is kind
of the center of the locality.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
Oh, very, very conservative
area where I was.
And so I was just
a normal kid, you
know, cruising around
on my little bike
and doing my little thing.
And one day, I just woke up,
and the first thing for me
was auric fields.
So I started to see color around
people and around, you know,
I can see auric fields
around everything-- trees
and plants and
animals and whatever,
but predominantly people.
And so I just was like, oh, OK.
Well, there's that.
But I was just going to
keep doing my little thing.
So my experience was
it increased over time.
Two weeks to two months
probably in full duration for it
to fully come on for
me, but it started
with clairvoyance
and auric fields.
And then it went into kind
of this expanded state
and, like, sensing ley lines
and energy of the Earth plane.
And then I could feel
everybody's emotions,
and I could feel
their intentions.
And as a 7-year-old,
that's startling, right?
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
>> GRACE: And then I could
start to see disease in blocks
and different energy
blocks in people's bodies.
And then I could
hear their thoughts.
And then it
progressed ultimately
to seeing dead
people and spirits,
a lot of-- because I was
right around the Standing Rock
Reservation, so a lot
of Native spirits.
>> REGINA: And that will come
back into play in a minute.
But let's go to your mom
because she was really
a profound influence
on your life.
And people will listen to this
and say, but why would you
have to choose that experience?
But I have to say, I've
interviewed a lot of people,
and it is not unusual to have
a really tough kind of road
with the parents as these
abilities are coming online.
And you'll be able to pull
it together for us later.
Tell us about your mom
because she had really violent
psychotic episodes.
>> GRACE: Yeah, a very
very wounded soul,
my greatest teacher.
I personally believe that the
people that teach us the most
severe lessons can be
our greatest teachers,
and she was definitely
that for me.
So unstable, mentally unstable,
energetically unstable,
emotionally unstable,
very wounded, and she
would swing so there
would be a nice side.
>> REGINA: Nice mom?
>> GRACE: Yeah.
And then there would be the
really behind the closed doors
at home mom.
And a lot of rage,
a lot of darkness,
a lot of violent tendencies,
physical tendencies.
>> REGINA: Well, I mean,
it went pretty far, like,
more extreme than you would
normally hear in that she would
try to smother you
when you were sleeping.
>> GRACE: Yep, there was that.
And I had nail polish
remover in my contact lens,
almost blinded me.
I had a hammer to my skull.
Those were just three of the--
yeah, it was like
that every single day
for the first 16
years of my life.
>> REGINA: It's just, I mean,
unimaginable that you did not
choose an exit point.
>> GRACE: Well,
yeah, it was a lot.
It was a lot to work
with because here I
was in the middle
of nowhere, and I
didn't have the safety and
stability of a nuclear family.
I didn't understand why my mom
was attacking me in this way.
And I didn't really have any
support or anybody I could--
>> REGINA: Yeah,
she was your mom,
and you were totally
dependent on her.
Where was your dad?
>> GRACE: He was a businessman,
so he was gone a lot,
just trying to make a
buck back in the day.
Yeah.
So I think he was doing his
best with a really untenable
situation.
>> REGINA: You know, it's
interesting when you were
writing about these episodes
when your mom almost seemed
to vacate her body, and
I have it written down,
some of the things-- you said,
her soul would vacate her eyes,
and her eyes kind
of turned black.
Her field was filled with
blackness and shards,
kind of jaggedy shards.
Have you seen this elsewhere
besides your mother?
And also, did you see any other
entities around your mother
that we're feeding off of her,
encouraging her, or enjoying
this energy she was creating?
>> GRACE: The intensity of rage
and instability or the energy
of rage and instability, it
has a very dense frequency,
and it's almost got this
metallic sheen to it.
So I didn't understand
what I was seeing as a kid.
All I would know is that
my mom would be somewhat OK
and then get triggered
and just turn on a dime
and go into some
violent rage outburst.
And in the violent rage
outburst, the mother
or the individual,
that soul essence
that I could sort of feel
as a mother would be gone.
And all I could feel was
this vacuous kind of--
and it's amazing how their
eyes literally turned black.
And I've seen that countless
times again in the 911 system.
But with her, she had-- her
auric field would expand,
and there'd be like
these metallic, kind
of barbed energies
coming off of her.
And again, I didn't understand.
I didn't know what it was
or why it was like this.
I was just literally trying to
physically survive at the time.
And those types of attacks
were so common for me
that I got very adept
at physical combat.
>> REGINA: Mm-hmm.
And also evasive behaviors.
You know, it was interesting
because as I was reading that,
I was reminded of a
friend of mine who
I was witness to a
channeling of theirs
from a very good channeler.
And at the end of all
of it, the channeler
said she was starting
to feel very weak,
and she actually
became quite sick
and stayed sick quite a while.
But what she
revealed to me right
after the person
left the house, she
said there's something in
that energy field, where
it was these geometric
metallic pieces of black
that she had never seen before.
And his issue was rage.
>> GRACE: Yeah, super common,
the frequencies of rage.
>> REGINA: But it's interesting
because you've put you've put
a visual to it.
>> GRACE: Visual to it.
>> REGINA: And that's the only
other time I've heard someone
put a visual to it
other than that day.
In fact, he'd been in and
out of mental institutions
because he couldn't handle
the unfairness of life.
He'd go berserk when he'd
see unfair things happening,
lose his bearings, and
they'd haul him off
at an airport and such.
But he had that same shard-like,
black, glossy, metallic field.
>> GRACE: Mm-hmm.
>> REGINA: Very interesting.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: So
amidst all of this--
I mean, you're a
very smart woman.
You're a very disciplined
person underneath all this.
And you turn to running
academics, trying
to prove yourself in
school, and also then you
became a long-distance runner.
But it wasn't working for
you with the other girls.
>> GRACE: Well, ultimately,
underneath everything,
I was just looking for
safety and identity.
Right?
Just like anybody, I
just wanted to fit in.
I just wanted to be normal.
And so when I first came
out with my abilities
at the age of 7, and I said
something to my family,
to my parents, I got the
hell fire and brimstone,
like, the shame.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: "Don't ever talk about
that, or we'll send you away,"
was the actual phrase.
And so here I am,
this little kid,
who's now dealing with
all of these energetics
and just so much
sensory perception.
And when I go to the
people that I'm, quote,
"supposed to be able to depend
on," I get shame, condemn.
And so it was at that
moment that I remember
it, just like having that
sensation like something's
really wrong with me, you know?
Why am I like this?
I don't want this.
I don't want to be like this.
And so that began my odyssey.
And my initial compensation
for that was overachieving.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GRACE: And I think as
humans, so oftentimes,
we do something to
cope with, right?
Whatever it is that we're
navigating or doing.
And for me, initially,
it was overachieving.
So I was doing the long-distance
running and senior class
president and did
all the things.
But ultimately, inside
I was so fragile.
And I was just--
I was starting to develop
a lot of rage myself
because I was just like--
>> REGINA: How could you not?
>> GRACE: This sucks.
>> REGINA: Because it's unfair,
the unfairness of life to be
treated like this at home.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
OK.
And so as you
mentioned earlier, you
were also starting to connect
in with not just people
but with nature, with
trees, and so forth.
I love trees.
So for just a moment,
you could talk about--
before we go to
your encounter with
the Native American entity--
talk little bit about what
trees were like in your world.
>> GRACE: Oh, amazing.
And so they
communicate obviously
through the mycelial
network underground.
So if you're
clairaudient, you may be
able to hear the hum of that.
And then I can actually
see the canopies
communicating to each other.
And it just looks like a lot
of times trees have a golden--
it looks like very much
matrix-like, vertical data
going up and down the trunks.
And then in the
canopy, the energy
is very golden over the top.
And they just throw signals
and have little jam sessions
all the time and communicate.
>> REGINA: They just seem like
they're these quiet sentries
that are here to
protect all, you know,
even the humans that
pass underneath them.
>> GRACE: Right.
Totally.
A lot of wisdom there, for sure.
>> REGINA: A lot of wisdom.
Have you been to
the Redwood Forest?
>> GRACE: I have.
It's beautiful.
>> REGINA: That's my favorite
place to be is the Redwood
Forest up north in California.
>> GRACE: So beautiful.
>> REGINA: Anything unique about
the pattern of those ancient
wise ones?
>> GRACE: Oh, you can
just feel the wisdom.
It's the, you said
it, ancient wisdom,
so far surpasses our
tiny little, like,
life spans and life cycles.
I love just going and
holding touching it.
>> REGINA: Me too.
My sister and I both
found out recently,
I even had it in my
will that when I'm done,
and this body's done, I want
my ashes spread in this one
particular grove up there.
Turns out, she did
the same thing,
and we never communicated this.
>> GRACE: No way.
>> REGINA: In the
same grove, yeah.
There's the giant tree there.
She wants to go where
the giant tree is.
So anybody who has
a chance to get up
to the Redwoods in
Northern California, that's
the most pleasant--
>> GRACE: Incredible.
>> REGINA: --place on Earth.
So now let's go to the day
where you encountered--
you're full of rage--
>> GRACE: Oh, yeah.
>> REGINA: --you're
overachieving,
you're running a lot, and you
encountered the Native American
because he would come back
and play a role later.
>> GRACE: Yeah, a big role.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: So I was running
8 to 10 miles a day.
I had developed by this
point a pretty severe eating
disorder with
binge-purge cycles,
just trying to just trying
to control something
because I didn't have any
control over the stimulus,
and I didn't have any control
of the physical safety.
So I was just trying
to control something.
And so I would go
out just to be away,
just to be out of the house.
And remember, this is a town of
2,000 people in South Dakota,
way out there.
So I would just go way
off into the prairie
and go running by myself,
and I could still sense--
so for me, running
became very meditative.
And I didn't know what
I was doing at the time.
I just knew that I
needed to move my body
and escape the house.
But the cadence of my
footsteps and the rhythm
of my breath going
in and out, I later
came to understand it
was helping me to ground.
It was helping me
to kind of transmute
a lot of that excess energy.
But I was having a day.
I was not in a good
headspace anyway,
and then a little
Native American female
appeared in spirit.
And I got mad because I just
wanted to be left alone.
So I picked up some rocks
and I threw it at her.
Right?
And I'm screaming at the sky
like a lunatic, you know?
But I'm just done.
I was just so done.
And I just started
sprinting down the road
because I wanted
to be left alone.
And of course, I
tripped and just,
like, launched to the
air and just, like,
somersaulted across
the dirt road,
and all the rocks were,
like, scraping into me.
I just laid there.
And I still remember it
because the South Dakota
has a huge sky, and
this wind, right?
And you can always hear the
little bugs and the birds
and everything.
And I was just laying
there in a heap, just
really feeling sorry for myself
because I was like, I don't
want to deal with any of this.
This sucks, you know.
And I felt all of a sudden,
this prickling on my back,
this very warm energy
starting to happen.
And it was incredible
because it was almost like
if you felt the sunrise
coming onto your skin.
And all of a sudden,
everything began to illuminate.
So if you think of going from
a normal-color television
to a technicolor
television, everything just
got very amplified.
And I didn't know
what was going on.
I'm just laying
there in the ditch.
And I roll over.
And I look and
there's this full--
I believe he was a
Lakota Sioux because that
was the tribe of the
area that I was in.
Chief with a full headdress
sitting on a horse,
and he's in spirit.
And I was hit with the most
profound omnipresent sensation.
It was just speechless.
It's like standing before
God, if you could imagine
what that could feel like.
And all of a sudden, I
felt really like a schlep,
sitting down there in the
dirt like-- and I didn't--
>> REGINA: Throwing rocks
at the other spirit guide.
>> GRACE: Throwing rocks.
And I was like, are you
here-- are you mad at me
because I threw a rock at her?
I'm sorry.
I didn't know, you know?
And he didn't move his mouth.
Everything was
telepathic, and he just
was staring directly at me.
And he was holding the staff.
And again, I got this
message of, hold on.
This is hard, but you
stay on this path,
and it's all going
to make sense.
And it was just like this
swirling of iridescent energy.
It was so incredible.
And then boom.
Just like that, they disappear.
And I just laid there.
Again, what am I?
14, 15?
Just really kind of
a hot mess, trying
to cope with all
of the instability.
And then all of a sudden,
I see this tremendous--
and he's still, to
this day, I've only
seen him a handful of times.
He only comes in at those
pivotal moments where
it's like, Sarah is about done.
He'll come in and just give
me that gentle little reminder
of you can do this.
>> REGINA: So now you get ready,
you're graduating from high
school--
we'll kind of hop through some
of this-- and your mother dies.
>> GRACE: She did.
>> REGINA: Wasn't it
on your graduation day
or at the ceremony?
>> GRACE: Oh, yeah.
It was just that.
>> REGINA: Wow, stealing
the thunder, man.
>> GRACE: Well, she had a
non-Hodgkin's cancer diagnosis.
And diagnosis to
death was six months,
so it was relatively quick.
And now I come to understand.
I get it.
She was hurting
as a soul anyways.
>> REGINA: She needed out.
>> GRACE: Yeah, she was over it.
Yeah.
But she had gone
through treatment,
and she was frail and showed up
at my high school graduation.
And I remember her
being in the crowd.
And then she came to
the party afterwards,
and we were standing
next to the cake.
And I'll always remember it
had "Congratulations, Sarah,"
in red.
And I was standing
there speaking with her.
And she's no hair, emaciated,
very unhealthy, very frail.
And her eyes rolled
back into her head,
and she dropped to the
floor in a grand mal seizure
right next to my cake.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> GRACE: And I
was just like, ugh.
I mean, it was just blow
after blow for like, you know.
And I was like, ugh.
So she didn't die.
She had a big seizure,
and they transported her.
But that was the last
time I saw her alive.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: OK, so
you go on to college,
and now you try to excel.
But you really are
kind of on your own.
I mean, you don't even have the
dysfunctional mother situation
as a weird anchor
in life anymore.
You really are on your own.
And that's not so easy for
you to fit in in college.
Plus, you go to the lunchroom,
and it's like, oh, stop.
You're seeing and hearing
everything going on in there
with all these other
teenagers and early 20s.
And then you
discovered ephedrine.
>> GRACE: Oh, yeah.
>> REGINA: And suddenly,
the voices stopped.
So let's talk about
your drug experience
going into the interesting
career choice after that.
>> GRACE: Yes.
Yes.
It was, indeed.
So my world imploded.
It was violent for the first 16
years, and then my mom got sick
and suddenly died.
And then it's like,
oh, congratulations,
you graduated high school now.
Go live your life.
And there was, like,
no preparation.
I didn't have any foundation.
I didn't understand how to
cook, how to function as a human
because I had been
literally in survival mode.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> GRACE: And so then
it's like, OK, good luck.
Go over there.
And so I felt like
I was floating.
I didn't have any base.
I didn't have any structure.
I didn't have any
family support.
And I wasn't self-aware
or self-connected
at the time, awash
in all of that.
And so I had started smoking.
I started smoking
three packs a day.
I'm one of those go
big or go home people.
Right?
>> REGINA: Clearly.
Well, yeah, you could see that.
>> GRACE: And I was drinking.
And I was just trying to
anesthetize everything.
And I had a friend who
worked at this truck stop.
And I'll never
forget this, Regina,
because he was like, oh, have
you ever heard of ephedrine?
And it was the NoDoz back
in the day for truckers.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
It was legal.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
It was like pure form,
100% meth is what it was.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: And $6.99
a bottle, right?
>> REGINA: And legal.
>> GRACE: And legal.
So I was like, tried it.
And it said take
one, so of course, I
would take two or
three because I
thought that'd be a great idea.
And the only thing
I understood though,
Regina, was that
the accelerants,
the speedies, those things, for
the very first time in my life,
brought the stimulus down.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: Brought
the stimulus down.
If there was any-- if I did
any alcohol or any depressants,
the energetics would
actually increase.
And it would get even
more intense for me.
But anything--
>> REGINA: Kind of
like Ritalin to a kid.
>> GRACE: Ritalin, Adderall.
>> REGINA: Adderall.
>> GRACE: That' why
they do it for ADHD.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
>> GRACE: Mm-hmm.
Same thing in the
neurochemistry of the brain.
>> REGINA: It worked for
you kind of a little bit
for a little while.
>> GRACE: Yes.
It was a crutch
for a little while,
but it was really
kind of my gateway.
And I really started to--
well, I went off the rails
at a hundred miles an hour.
>> REGINA: So we'll kind of get
through the career choice kind
of quickly because we want
to get to once you became
a paramedic, some of these
experiences you started
witnessing, and what
you're doing today.
I want to leave plenty
of time for that,
but just so people
understand your journey
and what you've been through.
So a girlfriend
said, hey, we should
go do a stripping contest.
>> GRACE: Yes, she did.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And you're like--
and you said, I'm in.
>> GRACE: 100%.
>> REGINA: She's like, no, no.
I'm kidding.
You said, I'm not.
>> GRACE: Totally.
>> REGINA: So you
went and did it.
So you had it--
>> GRACE: That's what happened.
>> REGINA: Now you had power.
And you had drugs.
And you had power over your
life, you were making money.
>> GRACE: Money.
>> REGINA: You could
actually kind of see a path
for yourself.
>> GRACE: I went into a world,
and it was more of the shadowy
kind of world.
But I could under-- well, one,
I was familiar with shadow
with what I grew up with.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GRACE: Right?
And two, I started to
see it for what it was,
which is just kind of a game.
It's an energetic game, right?
>> REGINA: Right.
>> GRACE: Between the dancers--
>> REGINA: And you
were gaming it.
>> GRACE: Exactly.
>> REGINA: And you were
making some good money.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: And I want to
talk about one thing in this
because I found it
interesting, again,
because I was kind of, like,
reading about the energetics
of it.
What you would see
coming off of the men
when they were in the strip
places, when the girls are
doing lap dances and so
forth, and the entities
that are lurking around.
Give us a snapshot of what
it's like in a strip club
from an energetic
point of view working
through the men
that are attending.
>> GRACE: Usually, a lot of
ruddy-colored, orange-colored,
root and sacral chakra energy
that would come out almost
towards the dancers,
so to speak.
Usually, the dancers
are quite closed.
They act like, it's--
again, it's that game.
>> REGINA: Yeah, but
their field is closed.
>> GRACE: Their field is closed.
>> REGINA: They're tough.
>> GRACE: Right.
And then there's a lot of
alcohol in places like that
and a lot of kind of fringe
characters with pimps
and people that were on
the peripheral of that.
So those types of
people would bring
in some really heavy,
dark energies as well.
And so the men, it would be
very lustful and kind of crude.
And the new compile it with
any sort of drugs or alcohol,
and the energetics
just get really messy.
But there was a
lot of that sheen
with kind of this silvery
sheen and the darker sheens.
There was a lot of that in there
because ultimately, from us,
for a lot of us, we
were coming from,
obviously, I was
very traumatized,
and I didn't have
safety or stability.
And a lot of the other
girls had been, you know.
>> REGINA: Traumatized as well.
>> GRACE: Traumatized
or sexually assaulted.
>> REGINA: But some of them
were just students also or young
moms just trying to find a
way to make some real money.
>> GRACE: One of my friends
there was putting herself
through med school.
>> REGINA: Yeah, because minimum
wage wasn't cutting it working
as a sales clerk somewhere.
So for every reason, you
all ended up in this place.
>> GRACE: This place.
>> REGINA: Well, it had its
day, and then that was gone.
And ultimately, you
ended up meeting a man.
>> GRACE: Mm-hmm.
>> REGINA: Dave, I
think, his name was?
>> GRACE: Yes.
But it's important
to note, Regina,
though, because I was
in such a fragile state,
I was using a lot of
substances to try to make
myself feel powerful and safe.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GRACE: And that as a culture
is what a lot of people do,
right?
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: I took it way
over here, you know.
But a lot of people come
home and have a few beers.
Or they'll do a
little-- whatever
they do because we're all
trying to navigate the intensity
of this human experience.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GRACE: Right?
So I was in that space, kind
of playing this game, try
and thinking I was, like,
getting a handle on it,
but deeply insecure.
And one night, I left the
club at 5:00 in the morning,
and I woke up three days later.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: In my car in the
middle of the state with no
recollection.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: And my
pants were down.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: So, very clearly,
there had been an assault.
And it's important to share
this because of what happened.
When I got home, I just blew
apart, like that had been--
>> REGINA: That
was your low point.
>> GRACE: That was
the lowest for me.
And that's when I
decided to overdose.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> GRACE: And I overdosed on
some pills because that's when
I was like, all
right, that's it.
I'm done.
Screw this.
It was 16 years of
physical violence--
>> REGINA: You weren't
seeing the light.
>> GRACE: --and all of this
energetic stimulus with no help
and no safety, no
love, no structure,
and just trying to survive it.
And so I had formulated
this experience for myself
where I felt a
semblance of power,
and then that got yanked too.
And so I was like, screw it.
I'm out.
>> REGINA: So you didn't die.
>> GRACE: I had my near-death
experience, and I expanded out.
And I went into this
beautiful fractal state.
And it was very yummy and warm.
And there was a female energy,
and her voice was familiar,
but I don't know.
Right?
So you just know who it
is, but you might not
know in this incarnation.
Essentially, she was much more
eloquent than I'm about to be.
But she was like, we get it.
We get it.
It's been hard for you, right?
But if you choose
to stay, you're
going to be able to help
a lot of people with this.
And I was like-- at first,
I didn't want anything
to do with it.
No, I'm done.
I'm good.
I'm done.
I don't-- mm-mm.
But, again, I just kind of
was in this expanded state,
and it just felt so nurturing.
And I was being
impressed upon with what
the capability could be
should I choose to come back.
>> REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> GRACE: So obviously,
I made the decision--
>> REGINA: You
made that decision.
>> GRACE: --to come back.
>> REGINA: And you went
through an awful detox period,
but angels talked
you through it.
They worked with you
all through the process.
That sounds like it
was very painful.
>> GRACE: Yes.
>> REGINA: So you
got through it.
You met a man named Dave.
And Dave was-- wasn't
he a firefighter?
>> GRACE: He was
a pro BMX biker.
This is where we get into
the whole skater scene.
>> REGINA: Yeah, then
you got into skater--
we don't have time to get
into all of the personal part,
but-- oh, he was the skater.
Right.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
We did the whole X Games
thing before, as it came on.
It was so fun.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
And so you had some fun.
>> GRACE: Mm-hmm.
>> REGINA: You had a
lovely relationship.
>> GRACE: Mm-hmm.
>> REGINA: And then there was
a time for you to get serious,
and you knew it.
And life changed.
>> GRACE: Life changed.
>> REGINA: So then you end up--
and what I'm going to do is,
in your book, the way it's
laid out, you have your story.
And then boom.
In the middle, you'll have
a story of an EMT experience
where someone is dying.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: So what I'm going
to do is take all those and put
them toward the end so we can
hear a stack of these stories
of these people--
>> GRACE: Cool.
>> REGINA: --and the
trends happening right now.
So we're going to kind of
jump through your life.
Then you met Dave,
who was a firefighter,
and you became an EMT.
Or was he an EMT?
>> GRACE: No.
That was when I was young.
But then we ultimately, we
ran around, had a good time.
But we were just young.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: And we
moved to California.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: And so once
I got into California,
then I started to
get more stabilized.
And Dave and I had split,
and I was on my own,
just trying to
figure it out in LA.
>> REGINA: Oh, yeah.
I've got the name wrong.
What was the man
you met later on?
>> GRACE: My kid's dad.
>> REGINA: Yes.
What was his name?
>> GRACE: In the
book, it's Derek.
>> REGINA: Derek.
Yes.
>> GRACE: Yeah, for his privacy.
>> REGINA: Yes, yes.
OK.
>> GRACE: Um, yeah.
And so ultimately, I was
still kind of in a space
because I had gone from the
Midwest down at Florida.
And I had done some modeling,
some pinup modeling,
and kind of lived this, like,
wild lifestyle in my 20s.
And then I come
over to and then--
to California, and that ended.
So then I was in that
space of, now what do I do?
But my intuition kept pushing.
Every time an ambulance would
go by, it'd be like this.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GRACE: But I was
so scared of it.
I was like, no way.
Like, I could kill somebody.
>> REGINA: You were having
it whispered in your ear?
This is what you need to do.
>> GRACE: It's never
stopped for me.
I would just try to tune it
out, doing different things.
But after my overdose, I
got myself quite cleaned up.
And during the time in
Florida, I got very clean.
And when I came to
California, ultimately,
I decided finally to--
OK.
I went through the
UCLA EMT course.
And I got sent straight down
into South Central Los Angeles.
>> REGINA: Yes, South Central.
OK.
So let's talk about some
of those first experiences
on the job.
First, before you really
had yourself wide open.
But then we want to go into
the wide-open experiences.
>> GRACE: OK.
So the mechanics of a
911 call are intense.
And nobody initially just
tells you how it all works.
So the engineer
stays by the engine.
The captain has the clipboard.
The EMT is taking
the blood pressure.
My job is to start the IV
and deliver the medications.
But nobody tells
you that, so you
have to learn kind of the
cadence of the 911 call.
Right?
And so I spent the first six
months just learning the basic.
And my guides, I think, took the
stimulus and kind of shelved it
for just a second.
>> REGINA: So you
could do your job.
>> GRACE: Because it was
so high-octane anyway.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: We were
working 24-hour shifts,
and we would run anywhere from
20 to 24 calls in that time.
So there's no rest.
There's no stopping.
There's no eat lunch breaks.
You're just back to
back to back calls.
And this was in early 2000s.
It was quite volatile
down in that area.
And so we were having
a lot of gang shootings
and a lot of drive-bys.
And then there was
just a lot to navigate.
But ultimately, I got
pretty proficient on scene,
and that's when the
energy started to come in.
And man, I was so mad
because I had finally kind of
had a break.
And I was like, yeah!
>> REGINA: I got a real job.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
I've grown out of it.
Little did I know that my guys
were going to be like, oh yeah?
And then just put
the energy through.
>> REGINA: So now let's start
talking about once the energy
starts coming through.
And we'll bring up a
few cases because I
want to get to what you're
seeing today in today's world.
So there was a fellow named
Jason who had hung himself.
Let's talk about that.
So we're talking about--
how old was he?
>> GRACE: I believe 17.
>> REGINA: 17.
A young man who was
committing suicide.
But there was this whole
dance with karma waiting.
>> GRACE: Yes.
So suicide is an
interesting thing.
We were talking about
we have multiple choice
points of opting out of this
incarnation or life experience.
And sometimes it
just gets so heavy.
I mean, we've been living
in tremendous heaviness
for the last couple of years.
And there's a lot of stuff
that we're seeing now.
But this, we went in, and he
was in full rigor mortis, which
means the body is stiff,
so he had been dead
for quite a while.
And he had hung
himself from the door.
But walking into his
room, it was so surreal
because his computers were on.
His music was playing.
There's a bag of Cheetos there.
He had a notebook
with some stuff.
Literally, just like got out
of the room and like, I'm out.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: Right?
And it's so strange to see that.
And from a soul perspective
though-- so his dad called,
and his dad was hysterical.
So we were having to care
take and navigate his dad.
We have to cut the body
down and deal with that,
get the coroner on the way.
And then I could see his soul,
and he was so remorseful.
And he was in what
appeared to be some room.
It just looked kind of almost
like a study or an office.
And there seemed to be a guide,
a male guide there with him.
But his head was in
his hands, and he just
seemed to be very, very
upset and remorseful
about the whole experience.
And so I think that was
one of my first suicides.
And so that was a lot.
And again, I didn't have a
real handle on my energetics.
>> REGINA: It wasn't just
surrounded by angels,
whisking a person off.
It was sounds like it was a
little more contemplative,
and there was still some
negotiation going on.
>> GRACE: Yes.
And my understanding
with that is
that there can,
in some instance,
can be a karmic balancing.
There's almost like
a contract that
has to be completed before
the soul can ultimately cross
and transition.
But my understanding
now, after seeing
this for many, many years
and seeing countless people's
transitions, is that
ultimately, the souls cross.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GRACE: So there's
no soul left behind.
>> REGINA: Yeah, there's
no purgatory, so to speak.
>> GRACE: Yeah.
>> REGINA: OK, let's go to
Rudy and the heart attack.
>> GRACE: OK.
>> REGINA: OK?
>> GRACE: Oh my gosh.
There's so many cases.
>> REGINA: I just cherry
picked a few because I knew we
couldn't-- people
can read the book.
We can't go into all of them.
>> GRACE: OK.
So the heart attack, we've
got two that are coming.
>> REGINA: Mm-hmm.
>> GRACE: Because
I have got so many.
>> REGINA: Sure.
>> GRACE: It's like
a Rolodex of calls.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
You go for it.
>> GRACE: So one of my first
experiences with death was
quite incredible because
he had had chest pain.
We got there to
treat the chest pain.
We were transporting
into the hospital.
And he turned all the way
around to where I was sitting.
And he looked me
directly in the eyes
and said, I'm going to
die today, aren't I?
And this is right
when I was new,
and I didn't know how
to respond to that.
And that was really
shocking because I was like,
oh, no, we're going to
get you to the hospital.
We're going to.
But he knew.
He knew it was his time.
We got him into the hospital.
We got him onto the ER bed.
And he coded, he flatlined.
And so that was an
interesting experience for me
to start to learn
how to ride that edge
and what to say to the
people as they were alive
and then actively beginning
to watch them transition.
>> REGINA: So after he
transitioned or during
the transition, though,
he was peaceful with it?
He understood this was his time?
>> GRACE: Yes.
>> REGINA: And
what is that like?
What is that kind of
transition like to watch?
>> GRACE: So in a medical--
so this is really neat
because ultimately, I got to
a level of proficiency with
the energetics on scene.
So my experience-- let
me share my experience,
and then I'll share how I
kind of learned the protocols.
My experience was
very matrix-like.
I would arrive on scene.
Any time death was near,
I would taste metal.
That's always my tell,
still to this day.
OK?
I'll just know that
somebody right around me
is going to die.
I'll expand out.
And so then it
feels like I don't
know where the end of
my skin and the energies
of the universe begin.
So I just kind of expand,
and everything slows down
and becomes very crystalline.
At that point,
then I can sense, I
can hear, audible, everything
that's happening on scene.
And again, so it's very matrix.
And whether it is just a
knowing or whether it's
a short snippet like
a video, I would just
get a video clip
of what was going
to happen just
before it did, which
helped me navigate the
energetics of the scene.
So that was my
experience on a 911 call
in addition to dealing with
and caretaking the bodies.
OK?
>> REGINA: Right.
>> GRACE: So I finally,
as a paramedic,
felt like I belonged somewhere.
I finally fit in.
And this was finally
socially accepted.
Right?
I had a little bit of esteem.
And this is a very alpha field.
Right?
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GRACE: So very alpha,
very masculine, very type A.
We are a different breed because
we are the type of people--
we are the ones running towards
what everybody else is running
away from.
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GRACE: Right?
And so my-- the severity of
violence that I grew up with,
I was like a duck to water.
>> REGINA: It was
familiar water.
>> GRACE: It was
so familiar to me.
Right?
And so that was kind
of my experience.
And then I gained in
proficiency as a paramedic
in the skill set.
And I started to just notice
that these energies would just
come through my hands.
And it would just be like
a warm, loving touch,
and I would just intuitively
know exactly what
that person needed to hear.
And I would start to relay
messages from a higher--
now I understand
it was channeling.
Right?
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GRACE: And sometimes energies
would come over the top of me
if something needed to
be stabilized on scene.
I would just navigate.
So there's different
types of death.
Here's one thing to understand.
OK?
There's as many ways to
die as there are to live.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: And there's
nothing to fear in death.
It's like taking
off a heavy coat.
OK?
And in the medical death
or an expected death,
say we have somebody with
end-stage cancer, or hospice,
or whatever, their
body would be in bed.
And over time, their
auric field begins
to expand outwardly,
and their veil thins.
And so we hear all the time in
the near-death experiences that
those people are talking to--
they're seeing their
dead loved ones
and doing some astral
traveling and stuff like that.
Well, at the moment of death,
in the actual cardiac arrest,
which is when they go agonal
and the heart quits beating--
this is so beautiful
to watch too
because it's this really
organized energetic.
It looks like ribbons unfurling.
And it starts at the base
down at the tailbone,
and it unfurls like
a ribbon all the way
up the vertebral
column, and then
the soul would exit out
the crown of the head.
And that, I came to
understand, is the light
at the end of the
tunnel experiences
so many people have is their
consciousness going out
the crown.
I thought that was so cool.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: And then
the soul would exit,
and I would see
deceased loved ones,
some religious
archetypes sometimes,
depending on the person's
belief structure,
and their pets that had passed.
So it became kind
of this reunion.
And I would watch
over here, they're
floating in the corner of the
room or doing CPR on the body.
Or if it's a DNR,
announcing time of death,
printing out, all the
things that we have to do.
But I'd be watching
in the corner almost
this joyous reunion.
And then they would
just disappear, right?
From view.
It was just incredible.
>> REGINA: Very beautiful.
>> GRACE: To watch.
>> REGINA: And when people pass
traumatically-- for example,
car accidents-- it's like
with Taylor, what happened?
And then they're surrounded
by angelic forces.
>> GRACE: Yeah, it's
a very different--
it's a very different way to die
as far as what the individual
experiences.
Again, ultimately,
nothing to fear.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: OK?
People, I think, are-- our
society is death-phobic.
And we kind of try to
hide it away in bubble
wrap ourselves
for the inevitable
when we can start to just take
the fear away and understand
that it's a very
natural part of life.
Right?
And even in a traumatic
death, there may be pain,
but it's just for a moment.
OK?
I think that a lot of people
fear the pain or fear the--
>> REGINA: But they're
out of their body so fast.
>> GRACE: In a
trauma, it's like--
OK, so here's the deal.
You're driving,
you're going to work.
And this is the thing
because everybody
or there are so many people
that we all think we have time.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: Right?
We're all, oh yeah,
I'll do it later.
I'll get there.
Yeah, whatever.
So many people every single
day die traumatically
and didn't have any idea
that it was their final day.
And I cannot tell you how
many times I've seen it.
Like, they're going to work.
They go through
Starbucks drive-through.
They're pulling out.
They're texting.
And they get on the
car-- on the freeway,
and there's a
rollover or whatever.
And that's it.
OK?
And so where the medical death
has this really beautiful, kind
of expanded, there's a bit of
time to it, some acclimation.
This is you're your body.
Nope, you're out of your body.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: And so the
soul would be confused.
And so we would come up, say
if it's a drive-by shooting,
and there's a body
on the ground,
I would see the soul
standing above the body.
And the soul, to me, looked just
like the person did except I
could see through them.
But they would be looking
down at their body,
like, super confused.
Like, Taylor was
really confused, right?
When we're in that space because
it's like, wait a second,
I was just there.
What's happening?
So the souls would be able
to tell that I could see them
through my clairvoyant vision.
And I think it's in the
same way that spirits can
tell when mediums can channel.
And so I would see them.
They would see that
I could see them.
And then over time, I
developed a protocol
to start kind of explaining.
OK?
You were just in a car accident.
And this is telepathic
and not verbal.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> GRACE: Communicating
this is what happened,
this is what we're going to
do, we're going to transport
your body, et cetera.
But 9 times out of
10 on a trauma call,
the difference would be
that angels would come.
And I think--
because some people
would be like, well, aren't the
dead loved ones going to come?
And I think that because
there was so much volatility
on scene, it's the
sheer frequency of chaos
that the soul has to be
able to come into a space
where they can start to
accept before they can shift.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> GRACE: And so I think that
the angels were there to just
help.
>> REGINA: Yeah,
that's very beautiful.
>> GRACE: Incredible to witness.
>> REGINA: No, it's beautiful.
Even explaining it, we
can all see the grace
in that, the grace and that.
OK, this is the little
question I want to throw in.
Have you ever gotten
a call where someone
was ready to give birth?
>> GRACE: Oh, yeah.
>> REGINA: And so have you ever
seen what happens with the soul
during the birth process?
>> GRACE: Oh, yeah.
That's so cool.
Yeah, great question.
>> REGINA: Yeah.
>> GRACE: One of my
coolest shifts ever,
I had a birth and a
death that same day.
>> REGINA: Wow.
>> GRACE: And I was singing
"The Lion King, Circle of Life"
because that's pretty rare.
That was the only
time in 15 years
that that happened, but what a--
>> REGINA: So just briefly let
us know what it looks like when
the birth--
>> GRACE: OK, a lot
of angelic frequency,
a lot of powder pink energy
usually surrounding the moms
going through what
she's going through.
Pain has its own energy.
It's not dark when you're going
through the birthing process,
but pain is more vibrant
colors going through the body.
But through the canal,
and as the baby enters,
powder pinks and just
celestial angels.
So they're courted,
energetically courted from--
I mean, it's just a
few weeks of inception,
but they're not really
committed here until they're
delivered through.
>> REGINA: Passed
through the birth canal.
>> GRACE: And then they
still have an opt-out year,
which is kind of the SIDS thing.
>> REGINA: Yes, yes.
>> GRACE: There's still
this opportunity to--
>> REGINA: Thank you
for sharing that.
>> GRACE: Are you into this?
Are you not into this?
And that's where we
see a lot of SIDS.
>> REGINA: Thank you
for sharing that.
>> GRACE: But beautiful in
terms of watching birth.
>> REGINA: Yes.
And you can see it.
When you watch a live
birth, you can feel
the soul joining with the body.
And then the breath
and-- oh my god,
it's just-- who doesn't cry?
>> GRACE: Wow, it's amazing.
>> REGINA: It's so beautiful.
Thank you for sharing that.
>> GRACE: For sure.
>> REGINA: And so we're
just about to say goodbye.
And one of the
things you've noticed
is in these crazy times
where COVID has passed,
but it left people kind
of ravaged and confused
and isolated and just left a lot
in its wake with a psychically
and otherwise, and
one of the things
you're seeing in the wake
of it is a lot more suicides
among very young people.
So just give us a glimpse of
how we might be able to help,
if we can, with
these young people
who just can't take it anymore.
It's too harsh.
>> GRACE: Remembering
that it's just now.
We have been through such
an extraordinary time
this last couple of
years collectively.
And the density and the
prolonged chaos externally
is just--
brought up everybody's shadow.
Right?
So many people are facing
so much stuff right now.
So we are seeing
even more suicides.
We are seeing a
lot of people that
had been in addiction
and alcoholic
in recovery, that they're
falling out and going back.
And now we've got this
whole fentanyl craze
that's just mowing people down.
And they're called
one-offs because it's
lethal at such a minimal dose.
And a lot of these
people don't even
know that they're ingesting it.
>> REGINA: Right.
>> GRACE: So that's what's
happening on the streets right
now is we have huge levels.
And so for those of us that are
left, yes, it's a heavy time.
We, those of us that are
sensitive, it's our time.
We are being called
online for a purpose.
Like, all of this stuff
that I've been through makes
sense now because now I'm able
to help bridge the mainstream
with the energetic
and holistic worlds
and make this
whole healing world
and holistic world make sense.
Right?
>> REGINA: Yes.
>> GRACE: So to the people that
are struggling and especially
those that are sensitive,
yes, I understand it's hard.
And ultimately, we
have the choice point
to make the decision.
Yes, it was hard.
Yes, it's been traumatic.
And which way do we
want to go with it?
Do we want to stay down here?
Or do we want to
rise up and learn?
And I'm living
proof that you can
take hold of these abilities
and use them to help
in a pretty profound way.
And I'm not the only one, right?
And so there's so
many of us now.
So if you're really
struggling, I understand.
And, you know, reach out.
There's people here
that can help navigate.
>> REGINA: Yes,
including yourself,
which we'll get to
in just a second.
One more comment is-- we
were talking off-camera--
you said what you're
noticing is the type
of souls coming into these
little baby bodies now.
We have powerful entities--
>> GRACE: Very powerful.
>> REGINA: --coming in through
these times of transition now.
>> GRACE: Mm-hmm.
>> REGINA: They're
going to do it.
>> GRACE: Oh, yes.
>> REGINA: And we
are some of them.
>> GRACE: Indeed.
>> REGINA: Some of
us will go away,
come back as powerful
entities ourselves.
>> GRACE: Mm.hmm.
Yeah, the collective
consciousness
is definitely
shifting as we go away
from the denser,
darker time, the more
masculine linear time--
Piscean Age, if you will, into
more of the Aquarian type,
feminine, collective, holistic,
all of that kind of stuff.
And we have a ways before
the pendulum fully swings.
And this is an incredible
time to be alive.
It's volatile, yes.
And if you have the openness,
the willingness, the curiosity,
you can actually lean
into your abilities
and utilize these, not
even just as a healer.
You can take them into
your everyday life,
and you can impact everyone
around you in a positive way
if you choose to transmute
your pain and your trauma
into power.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
Thank you for that
perfect close.
How can people reach
you, by the way?
>> GRACE: You can find--
>> REGINA: For
your healing work.
>> GRACE: Oh, yes.
So I do individual sessions.
I have group stuff.
sarahkgrace.com.
>> REGINA: Wonderful.
>> GRACE: S-A-R-A-H dot com.
And you can find me on YouTube.
I've got all the things.
>> REGINA: Excellent.
Excellent.
Thank you so much, Sarah--
>> GRACE: Thank
you for having me.
>> REGINA: --for sharing
your journey with us.
Very, very powerful.
>> GRACE: I
appreciate it so much.
>> REGINA: Again, the name
of the book is "Journey Into
Grace."
Gut wrenching but also very
heartwarming and powerful
little book on life on Earth
through the lens of energy.
Until next time.
Thank you for joining
us here on "Open Minds."
[THEME MUSIC]